Buffered transactional editing (#7400)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/introduction/qgis_configuration.rst

In the :guilabel:`Data Sources` tab, you can:

> * :guilabel:`Transaction mode`:

Reviewer: Would you have a one-line sentence to describe this entry?

Author: Maybe something like "Define how edits are sent to the data provider"?

Author: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Transaction mode`: define how edits are sent to the data provider```

  * :guilabel:`Local Edit Buffer` Edits are buffered locally and sent to the provider 

>     when toggling layer editing mode.

Author: Yes, also when pressing "save edits", I have changed this and also reformulated it the same way for the automatic transaction group option

>   * :guilabel:`Automatic Transaction Groups` Automatic transactional editing means 
>     that on supported datasources (postgres and geopackage databases) the edit state 

Reviewer: Colon looks nicer and avoids repeating.
```suggestion
  * :guilabel:`Automatic Transaction Groups`:
    on supported datasources (postgres and geopackage databases) the edit state 
```

    of all tables that originate from the same database are synchronized and executed 
    in a server side transaction. Also, instead of buffering edit changes locally, they 
    are directly sent to a transaction in the database which gets committed when the user 
    clicks save layer.

>   * :guilabel:`Buffered Transaction Groups` Buffered transactional editing means that 
>     all editable layers in the buffered transaction group are toggled synchronously and 

Reviewer: Here we use `Buffered Transaction Groups` to explain the same expression. Confusing IMHO. Would this work (copied from the previous option)?
```suggestion
  * :guilabel:`Buffered Transaction Groups`:
    all editable layers that originate from the same database are toggled synchronously and 
```

Author: ```suggestion
  * :guilabel:`Buffered Transaction Groups`:
    all editable layers are toggled synchronously and 
```
In fact all editable layer are saved/put in editing mode at the same time, it doesn't matter from which database/provider
